Architecture center (#3596)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/architecture-center/reference-architectures/mmoe/lab-overview/index.md

3. Click or tap **Activate** in the account activation email that is sent to the email address that you provided.
4. After your domain is registered, look for output similar to this:

   ```txt
   Your Okta Domain: https://dev-xxxxxxx.okta.com
   To set your password open this link:
   https://dev-xxxxxxx.okta.com/welcome/xrqyNKPCZcvxL1ouKUoh
   ```

5. Set the password for your Okta developer org by opening the link and following the instructions.
6. After you enter your password, your Okta domain is returned, similar to the following. Make note of it. This is your development domain.

   ```txt
   New Okta Account created!
   Your Okta Domain: https://dev-xxxxxxx.okta.com
   ```

7. Repeat steps 1 - 6 to create a second Okta domain. This is your production domain.

> **Tip:** If you don't receive the confirmation email sent as part of the creation process, check your spam filters for an email from `noreply@okta.com`.

## Okta Workflows

Tutorial 6 requires your production org to have [Okta Workflows](https://www.okta.com/platform/workflows/) enabled. To determine if it's enabled:

1. Open the Admin Console for your production org.
2. Choose **Workflow** from the menu.

> 3. If there is no Workflows console item under Workflow, then Workflows needs to be enabled for the Okta account that you are using. Reach out to your customer account team to have this done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If the menu doesn't include a `Workflows console` option, this feature is not enabled. Contact your customer account team to enable Workflows for your account.
```

## A Slack channel

Tutorial 6 uses Slack as the target for its workflow notification messages. To create a free trial Slack instance and channel:

1. Visit [slack.com](https://slack.com), and click **TRY FOR FREE**.
2. Supply your email address and click **Continue**.
3. Enter the 6-digit code that's sent to your email address.
4. Click **Create a Workspace** to create a Slack workspace.
5. Specify your company name, identify other team members to invite to the workspace (if any), and enter a short name used as the name of the channel. For example, _Terraform Drift_.

## A working Terraform repository

You need to create a copy of an example Terraform script in your GitHub repository.

1. Open `https://github.com/oktadev/okta-reference-multi-org-terraform-example` in a browser.
2. Click **Fork** to create a copy for your project in GitHub.
3. In the **Create a new fork** page
   1. **Clear** the **Copy the prod branch only** checkbox.
   1. Click **Create fork**.

> The repository you are forking has two branches: prod and preview. The preview branch should be populated and is the one to use in tutorials 2 and 3. The prod branch should be empty. In tutorial 4 onwards, promote your code to prod and then use the prod branch for the remaining exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has two branches:`prod` and `preview`. The `preview` branch is pre-populated with information for use in tutorials 2 and 3. The `prod` branch is empty and is used in tutorials 4, 5, and 6.
```

## Terraform Cloud account

> Terraform has two offerings for building your automation. The first is available for free through a Command Line Interface (CLI). Another option is through their paid SaaS offering, [Terraform Cloud](https://cloud.hashicorp.com/products/terraform), which is free to try. In this lab, you use an instance of Terraform Cloud. Tutorial 1 covers how to create and configure your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform provides two options to build your automations. The first is available for free through a Command Line Interface (CLI). Another option is through their paid SaaS offering, [Terraform Cloud](https://cloud.hashicorp.com/products/terraform), which is free to try. In this lab, you use an instance of Terraform Cloud. Tutorial 1 covers how to create and configure your account.
```
